README.md, before:

![header img here](./img/profile-banner.png)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/brandon-mizutani/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img height="38" src="./img/linkedin.png"></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="mailto:bran2miz@gmail.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img height="35" src="./img/gmail.png"></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=bran2miz.84735692" width="110px">
</p>

<h1 align="center">👋&nbsp; About Me!</h1>

<p align="center">
I am a software developer, LMU grad, former television production assistant, and dedicated individual who has high aspirations to break into the tech industry. I am in pursuit for a career in tech that allows me to work with like-minded individuals who have the same passion for coding!
</p>

<div align="center">  
  
## 📊 My Statistics
  
![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bran2miz&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical&card_width=750)
  


## 🐍 &nbsp; Languages

|  |  |  |  |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
<img src="./img/python.png" width=70/> | <img src="./img/js.png" width=70/> | <img src="./img/html.png" width=70/> | <img src="./img/css.png" width=70/> |
|  |  |  |  |

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bran2miz&layout=compact&theme=midnight-purple&card_width=750&langs_count=10)](https://github.com/bran2miz/github-readme-stats)
</div>

<h1 align="center">⚡&nbsp; Projects</h1>

- <b> Mad Librarians</b>
  - Project created to showcase knowledge of functions, DOM manipulation
  - [Repo](https://github.com/ponceedi000/mad-librarians)

- <b>Project Celestiality</b>
  - An app that provides users with historical facts, astrological sign, their horoscope, and a journal entry form that can saved, deleted, and updated.
  - [Repo](https://github.com/CABB-Group)
  - [Netlify](https://project-celestiality.netlify.app)

- <b>Insta Dealz </b>
  - An e-commerce app that allows the user to buy items, view product details, deleted items in their cart, and view the cart total amount.
  - [Repo](https://github.com/Team-PythonGo/insta_dealz_fe)
  - [Vercel](https://insta-dealz-2ir84llib-insta-deals.vercel.app/)

- [Python Data Structures and Algorithms](https://github.com/bran2miz/data-structures-and-algorithms)


<h1 align="center">🔧 Tools</h1>

| | | |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="./img/mongo.png" height=40   width=50/> Mongo | <img src="./img/ExpressJS-logo.png" width=50/> Express.js | <img src="./img/react.png" width=50/> React |
| <img src="./img/node.png" width=50/> Node | <img src="./img/next_logo.png" width=50/> Next | <img src="./img/django.png" width=50/> Django
| <img src="./img/tailwind.png" height=40 width=50/><br>TailwindCSS | <img src="./img/docker.png" height=40 width=50/> <br>Docker | <img src="./img/postgresql.png" height=40 width=50/> PostgreSQL
| <img src="./img/aws.png" height=50 width=50/>AWS | <img src="./img/netlify.png" height=50 width=50/> Netlify | <img src="./img/heroku.png" height=50 width=50/> Heroku
| <img src="./img/git.png" width=50/>Git | <img src="./img/github.png" width=50/>Github | <img src="./img/linux.png" width=50/>Linux
| <img src="./img/bulma-logo.png" height=60 width=50/> Bulma | <img src="./img/bootstrap_logo.png" height=40 width=50/>Bootstrap | <img src="./img/canva.png" width=50/> Canva |



## Hobbies / Interests

     Traveling
     Restaurants
     Fashion
     House Plants

## Connect with me

  &nbsp; <img src="./img/linkedin.png" width=20/> &nbsp;&nbsp; [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brandon-mizutani)

  &nbsp; <img src="./img/gmail.png" width=20/> &nbsp;&nbsp; bran2miz@gmail.com

Commit message:

completed github profile page, added emojis, and fixed alignment

README.md, after:

![header img here](./img/profile-banner.png)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/brandon-mizutani/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img height="38" src="./img/linkedin.png"></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="mailto:bran2miz@gmail.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img height="35" src="./img/gmail.png"></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=bran2miz.84735692" width="110px">
</p>

<h1 align="center">👋&nbsp; About Me!</h1>

<p align="center">
I am a software developer, LMU grad, former television production assistant, and dedicated individual who has high aspirations to break into the tech industry. I am in pursuit for a career in tech that allows me to work with like-minded individuals who have the same passion for coding!
</p>

<div align="center">  
  
## 📊 My Statistics
  
![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bran2miz&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical&card_width=750)
  


## 🐍 &nbsp; Languages

|  |  |  |  |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
<img src="./img/python.png" width=70/> | <img src="./img/js.png" width=70/> | <img src="./img/html.png" width=70/> | <img src="./img/css.png" width=70/> |
|  |  |  |  |

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bran2miz&layout=compact&theme=midnight-purple&card_width=750&langs_count=10)](https://github.com/bran2miz/github-readme-stats)
</div>

<h1 align="center">⚡&nbsp; Projects</h1>

- <b> Mad Librarians</b>
  - Project created to showcase knowledge of functions, DOM manipulation
  - [Repo](https://github.com/ponceedi000/mad-librarians)

- <b>Project Celestiality</b>
  - An app that provides users with historical facts, astrological sign, their horoscope, and a journal entry form that can saved, deleted, and updated.
  - [Repo](https://github.com/CABB-Group)
  - [Netlify](https://project-celestiality.netlify.app)

- <b>Insta Dealz </b>
  - An e-commerce app that allows the user to buy items, view product details, deleted items in their cart, and view the cart total amount.
  - [Repo](https://github.com/Team-PythonGo/insta_dealz_fe)
  - [Vercel](https://insta-dealz-2ir84llib-insta-deals.vercel.app/)

- [Python Data Structures and Algorithms](https://github.com/bran2miz/data-structures-and-algorithms)


<h1 align="center">🔧 Tools</h1>

<p align="center">

| | | |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| <img src="./img/mongo.png" height=40   width=50/> Mongo | <img src="./img/ExpressJS-logo.png" width=50/> Express.js | <img src="./img/react.png" width=50/> React |
| <img src="./img/node.png" width=50/> Node | <img src="./img/next_logo.png" width=50/> Next | <img src="./img/django.png" width=50/> Django
| <img src="./img/tailwind.png" height=40 width=50/><br>TailwindCSS | <img src="./img/docker.png" height=40 width=50/> <br>Docker | <img src="./img/postgresql.png" height=40 width=50/> PostgreSQL
| <img src="./img/aws.png" height=50 width=50/>AWS | <img src="./img/netlify.png" height=50 width=50/> Netlify | <img src="./img/heroku.png" height=50 width=50/> Heroku
| <img src="./img/git.png" width=50/>Git | <img src="./img/github.png" width=50/>Github | <img src="./img/linux.png" width=50/>Linux
| <img src="./img/bulma-logo.png" height=60 width=50/> Bulma | <img src="./img/bootstrap_logo.png" height=40 width=50/>Bootstrap | <img src="./img/canva.png" width=50/> Canva |

</p>

## Hobbies / Interests

    🛩️ Traveling
    🍽️ Restaurants
    👜 Fashion
    🪴 House Plants

<h1 align="center"> Connect with me !</h1>


  &nbsp; <img src="./img/linkedin.png" width=20/> &nbsp;&nbsp; [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brandon-mizutani)

  &nbsp; <img src="./img/gmail.png" width=20/> &nbsp;&nbsp; bran2miz@gmail.com

<h2  align="center">📚 Resources Used to Build This Repo:</h2>

- Header from Canva

- Social media favicons from Icons8

- README Statistics from anuraghazra

- Emojis from webfx.com
